Hey, good morning, family.
I'm going to do another video for you all today.
I have some things that are on my heart.
People are excited about my video regarding what I saw about the Red Wave and the things happening in the spirit.
I want to say it like this: I'm a prophetic intercessor, and the Lord gives me things to pray over.
I've told you all the Lord told me to come on here and warn the people, tell them what to pray about, and create a prayer force of people who will intercede for these last days, for the end-time army, and for what's coming.
There are a lot of things I see that we can change, and there are a lot of things I see that we can't change.
When I'm telling you this stuff about the Red Wave and seeing Donald Trump on his knee, I try to tell you all I did not hear from the Lord that he would be the president of the United States.
I saw what I saw, but the Lord, because I don't want to add to or take away from anything, what I'm trying to tell you all is we have to intercede.
This is our cue from the Father.
I'm coming on to tell you to pray for 45; pray for him, pray for this nation, pray for the wake-up, and pray for the churches.
I told you the only thing that's going to save America is an awakening unto God.
There is no man other than the Lord Jesus Christ, who is sitting at the right hand of the Father, that is going to be able to save America or any other nation.
The Word says that if My people, who are called by My name, will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then He will hear from heaven and He will heal our land.
That's where we have to be if we want our land to be fixed and healed.
For what I saw to come to pass, it doesn't just happen.
What I'm trying to tell you is that the things I see take prayer.
Most people will see a bit of a breakthrough in some things and the body of Christ will let go of the rope and say, 'Well, we won; we don't have to pray over this anymore because we already got a little bit of a manifestation.
' No, this is what the Lord showed me because I was praying about that one day.
We'll get a little bit of a breakthrough on something, and the next thing we know, we drop it in the spirit realm.
It's like having a baseball, basketball, or football team that is up on the scoreboard.
You're winning the game and all of a sudden you get a careless attitude and think you don't have to push as hard now because you're up by two touchdowns.
That other team is waiting to get the ball back and they're going to try to score to win that game.
That's the way the devil's crowd does.
As the body of Christ starts to win and gets a victory, we get relaxed.
No, you keep on keeping on.
You get first the blade, then the ear, then the corn; you get the full manifestation of what you're believing for.
I tell my wife all the time I don't give up on that prayer until it's a greasy spot.
I'm talking you've run it over so many times it's like a gross illustration, but it's like whenever you hit an armadillo or a possum in the road.
Sometimes you see a greasy spot because they've been hit so many times.
You've got to keep running over that thing in the spirit realm because that devil is going to try to raise his head up and come to kill, steal, and destroy again.
You've got to keep beating him until he's tired of messing with you.
You can't give up just because you see a little fruit and think it's all over.
No, that's the time you press in harder, like a bulldog on a bone.
You go after it even harder when you start to see the manifestation of what you've been believing for.
That's not when you stop praying, and that's not when you stop kicking the devil.
You got to keep going.
Do exactly what you were doing already to get the manifestation and just keep doing it because it will become a greasy spot in the spirit realm.
This is how I use the word of faith and how I do things in the spirit realm.
Don't stop when you get a little bit of a manifestation.
Some people say, 'Well, I was believing for my marriage or my kids,' and they had one good day so they think they're done praying.
No, that's whenever you press in even more for your spouse to turn and believe for the change in your household.
You say, 'Father, I thank You that the fruit of my home is going to be blessed.
Great is the peace and joy of my house.
Father, You said that I could have whatsoever things I say.
I can call those things that be not as though they were.
' I speak to my mountain in the name of Jesus and tell it to be removed.
I say in the name of Jesus, I don't doubt in my heart, but I have whatsoever things I say: Mark 11:24.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus paid the price for every single thing we're believing for—whether it's demonic, healing, physical, finances, marriage, children, or deliverance.
Galatians says that Christ has redeemed you from the curse of the law.
If Gavin Newsom comes out tomorrow and announces his candidacy, the Lord will give me these cues.
I told you all to pray about the southern border.
The Lord told me that people say there's no way this is about the ten million that have already come, but I saw a sea of people so deep that you couldn't count them all coming across a thousand miles or more from California to the end of Texas.
I saw people coming from all over the world in 2024 because they were afraid of who was going to get into the next administration.
If 'Sleepy Joe' was still at the wheel through 2024, that's what they are pushing for.
That's why I saw these people bum-rushing the border trying to get into our country as quickly as possible.
Don't worry about the border because those people are going to get touched in a great revival.
There's a great shaking coming.
I'm not concerned about it as much as I am about the terrorists, sex predators, and weirdos that are coming across who also need Jesus, but for our own protection, there's a lot of things we should pray about regarding human trafficking, drugs, and the cartel.
I get these visions from the Lord.
Look at what's going on in Colorado with them saying he can't be voted for; I give the word and then a major court system ruling comes.
Look at all the things the enemy tries to do.
That's why I'm saying we have to keep interceding for the body of Christ to wake up so they will do what's right and vote Godly.
All I want is for America to have a massive movement of the Spirit of God.
Everything in the spirit realm is prayed about first.
We have to get in that place of believing what He said in His Word.
You believe in your heart and confess with your mouth; that's how we believe for everything.
I believe with all my heart there's a turnaround coming for the body of Christ and good days ahead for people who are awake and listening.
But I believe there's a great shaking and more war coming, even catastrophic events in the world like we've never seen before.
I was praying in the spirit and the Lord dropped something in me.
I heard: 'jet streams speeding up, faster low-pressure systems, and long-track super tornadoes in the spring.
' So much so—and this is going to sound really wild—bigger than EF5.
As far as I know, when they do the EF scale, they look at the damage.
I truly do not know how you could rate a scale higher than an EF5 other than if it takes the cement slab out of the ground, but I saw long-track tornadoes go for a hundred miles.
I'm not a weatherman, but I'm just telling you things the Lord shows me to pray about.
I saw droughts and famines happening where it will rain in one city and be a drought in another.
We have authority over the weather and drought when we pray, and we can call in the rain.
I had a woman in Houston reach out to me for rain, and now they're getting quite a bit of it.
We have authority over the weather and tornadoes.
I've seen tornadoes go back up into the clouds.
Just like Jesus spoke to the sea and the winds and waves and said, 'Peace, be still,' we can walk in that kind of peace.
We have the authority to speak to the weather and ice storms.
When they said there would be a major, crippling ice storm here in the central part of America, we started praying.
You have authority over the atmosphere.
I've seen it happen time and time again where a storm parts right before it comes.
We don't deal with hail, tornadoes, or strong winds; we take authority over them.
That storm hit Tulsa pretty hard, and they were without power for up to three weeks.
As for me and my house, we took authority.
I stood out on my porch while the trees looked like they were going to touch the ground, but we never lost power once.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you've got to get out there and start taking authority over this right now and cursing this storm.
' I cursed it and it fell apart.
You can speak to your circumstances and call those things that be not as though they were.
Power is in your mouth over your finances, your land, and your area.
A great shaking is coming, but it's time for the body of Christ to realize that we are seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
What you're living today is a result of what you spoke yesterday; what you speak today will be a result of what you start living tomorrow.
You are snared by what you say.
We have authority over our marriages and children.
We can speak over sickness and disease according to Galatians, as Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Your words matter.
The devil has tricked the body of Christ into believing your words don't matter and you can say whatever you want, but what you are living is a result of what you believed and said.
I say it all the time: My children are blessed and prosperous, they have the mind of Christ.
My wife is a blessing.
We don't have strife; we have peace and a healthy marriage.
Our finances are in overflow.
Our children are always healed and our bodies are well.
I'm redeemed from generational curses; that stops with us.
You've got to get the Rhema word of it.
As for me and my house, we're going to serve the Lord and live by faith.
I'm not moved by what I see or feel; I'm moved by what the Word says.
I don't care what politician happens or what the government says; my faith is built on nothing less than Jesus' blood and His righteousness.
If I die today, I'm going to be home in eternity; to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Jesus has a plan for you and He wants good things for you.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospers.
' He wants you to have a prosperous marriage full of love, respect, and honor—no strife, no drama.
I believe today is your day for your breakthrough.
I believe with all my heart your circumstances are going to turn as of today.
Depression is a lie from the pit of hell.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but the Lord has a good future for you.
It's time to rise above and fly on the wings of eagles.
Start saying, 'Good things are happening for me because Jesus has a plan for my life.
' Father, I thank You for every single person represented here.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over them.
I thank You that by Your stripes we are healed and that we don't have to be bound by sickness or disease.
We take authority over mental and emotional battles and PTSD.
We thank You that our soldiers are completely delivered in the name of Jesus.
You give Your beloved perfect peace whose mind is stayed on You, and You give sweet sleep.
When God does something for you, always be quick to give Him praise for it.
Even when things don't look good, you can find something to praise Him for.
I pray over your marriages and your children, that today is a day of victory and a turnaround for your home.
I call you healed, whole, and delivered from satanic bondages and perversions.
I say your mind is set free as you renew your mind by the Word of God.
I want to hear about testimonies of any kind of breakthrough.
Tell us in the comment section to encourage the people.
We're a family joined together as the body of Christ, and we need to encourage one another.
Jesus is alive and well, and He's doing miracles for your family too.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
Have a Merry Christmas.
Be blessed.
Bye-bye.